Add interactive shell info to migration docs (#2758)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/v2.0/upgrade/v1-to-v2/automatic-upgrade.md

- `max-series-per-database`
- `max-values-per-tag`

### Interactive shell

> There is no interactive shell you can build on in InfluxDB 2.0. To build a command line Flux REPL, [follow these instructions](https://github.com/influxdata/flux/blob/master/README.md#getting-started) to compile and build from source. 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```suggestion
The InfluxDB 2.x `influx` CLI does not include an interactive shell for executing InfluxQL queries or Flux queries. For information about executing InfluxQL queries, see [Query data with InfluxQL](/influxdb/v2.0/query-data/influxql/). To build a command line Flux REPL, [follow these instructions](https://github.com/influxdata/flux/blob/master/README.md#getting-started) to compile and build from source. 
```

```

Reviewer 2: Maybe for last sentence above:
To execute Flux queries in an interactive shell, [compile and build a command line Flux REPL from source](https://github.com/influxdata/flux/blob/master/README.md#getting-started).

> The InfluxDB 2.x `influx` CLI does not include an interactive shell for executing InfluxQL queries or Flux queries. For information about executing InfluxQL queries, see [Query data with InfluxQL](/influxdb/v2.0/query-data/influxql/). To build a command line Flux REPL, [follow these instructions](https://github.com/influxdata/flux/blob/master/README.md#getting-started) to compile and build from source. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The InfluxDB 2.x `influx` CLI does not include an interactive shell for executing InfluxQL queries or Flux queries. For information about executing InfluxQL queries, see [Query data with InfluxQL](/influxdb/v2.0/query-data/influxql/). To build an interactive shell to execute Flux queries, [compile and build a command line Flux REPL from source](https://github.com/influxdata/flux/blob/master/README.md#getting-started). 
```
